c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\CMS.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\CMS.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\CMS.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\obj\Debug\CMS.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\obj\Debug\CMS.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\Email.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\Help.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\Email.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\bin\Help.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\obj\Debug\CMS.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\obj\Debug\CMS.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CMS\CMS\obj\Debug\CMS.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\CMS.dll.config
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\CMS.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\CMS.pdb
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\Email.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\Help.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\Email.pdb
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\Help.pdb
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\obj\Debug\CMS.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\obj\Debug\CMS.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\obj\Debug\CMS.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\obj\Debug\CMS.dll
D:\OProjects\Project_Sanga\CMS\CMS\obj\Debug\CMS.pdb
